okay so this is a fully prepped tenderloin and
now now a chef would have multitude of options
to to play with this let's just talk about
the nomenclature of this tenderloin as as a
whole piece um so this piece here the fattest part
traditionally this is known as the chateaubriand
and this is that piece that I was
describing where the pieces have
ears now traditionally this would either
be tied to be held together as a roast
or in the case where you're just selling
steaks some will even square off some
of these ears to make it one uniform piece
this center piece of the beef tenderloin
is what is known as the most
prized piece of tenderloin
and it is often referred to as the
tornadoes this particular muscle would
be traditionally where we would cut our pure
steaks and so that would just be a matter of
this third piece which is the
tail end of our tenderloin is often
referred to as the filet mignon and
it basically means the minuscule piece
and so this particular piece would either
be taken off and sent to a different kitchen
or what we could do is we could tie it
and turn it into equally sized pieces